right and another incident that's
causing concern is one along the border
with Egypt and the Israelis admitting
Imran that one of their tanks
accidentally hit an Egyptian position
outside the gaza's trp what more do we
know well the Israelis have actually
confirmed that they've uh sent out a
statement says an Israeli army tank
accidentally fired and hit Egyptian
position near the border of KM Shalom
area difficult uh to see how a tank
accidentally fires uh but that's what
they're saying um this is actually a
very serious incident because when that
Aid Convoy was Crossing into uh through
Rafer and into uh the Gaza Strip there
was an explosion that was heard that's a
real concern uh to everybody on that
border crossing is trying to get that
Aid to the people that need it most 1%
of the aid that's needed by the way not
a tremendous amount so it's a
confirmation of that incident they say
it was an accident no Palestinian uh in
Gaza is going to believe it was an
accident simply because of the fact that
the Rafa border crossing has actually
been shelled twice already and the
Israelis have publicly said in the runup
uh to the international negotiations to
get that border crossing open that they
wanted it to remain firmly shut if it
was up to the Israelis left of their own
devices they would never have opened
Rafa in the first place that was their
stated aim it was only International
pressure
um that that got to them and they
allowed it to be open but you know that
Aid is coming in in a trickle it's
nowhere near enough and then if there's
violence happening there you know let's
put let's put yourself in the position
of a truck driver never mind the
international diplomacy you're a simple
truck driver and you've got to get
across that border and it's being
shelled do you want to drive that border
that's actually a concern it is a
concern indeed Imran thank you very much
for that Imran Khan live there in
occupied East Jerusalem